my soul cruise is a wetback sensor
market sells oranges got a free Angela
fajardo your feet Joanna skin is a Jew
Miss Tennessee vada is a Mojave brain
Johnson you're the white devil Sonia
saldana the taco vendor wanna borrow or
chew friend of our October and I
according to one former student Emma
each of Geneva pretty uncomfortable huh
extremely offensive right horrible and
disgusting though did any of us really
want to stop me I truly hope so would
any of you this from discipline is
student if you overheard him or her upon
someone any of these names I'm certainly
would if Joanne complained to you would
you tell her to simply get over it I
seriously doubt that my friend and
colleague robert collins is a victim of
hurtful slurs much like these he is not
a child and he can't speak out for
himself and he has spoken up yet very
little has changed as a result of his
complaints tonight i am here to speak on
his behalf my name is Tam Krebs wrath
and I'm the co human rights sheriff for
the Lennox Teachers Association almost
nightly we hear music
suicide victims coming to taunting
bullying and homophobic slurs we have an
issue of safety and the spoon of this
country and at lenox and something has
to be done before it with this on the
lens school district has largely silent
about gay harassment and I believe that
silence do a revision alone the little
progress that the district has made in
working for changing attitudes has come
because of the many complaints that
Robert on is seeing that there's
homophobia every education level in
lenox for 20 years Robert has been
targeted with homophobic slurs mostly
white students and occasionally by staff
members he has been he has been
dismissed with boys will be boys and
even heard from an administrator that
when we were kids he played smear the
queer essentially robber get over it
when he faces harassment from a student
which is often not only does he have to
deal with the stress from the incident
but dealing with the administration
results in additional cess the
administration is often defensive
disrespectful and lacking in empathy I
wanted to say that a complainant or a
different protected class perhaps a
woman being sexually harassed and
african-american being racially targeted
or a disabled person being mocked the
district would take on the issue more
seriously the real irony here is that
when the district refuses to address the
genuine concerns of a gay employees it
is complicit in homophobia our complaint
procedures so you to prove our complaint
a seizure is resolved if we get away gay
students have felt sleep and ugly years
are you feelings of Robert they report
on their very
I constantly exposed to homophobia
completely after you get over every
Scott murder life uses a certain
discipline so that they can provide to
Chism your role and the completion first
hater good on-screen and we don't tell
students and break rules and it's okay
and that will get over provide intensive
in services for teachers so they can
teach our students how to read write
compute parents are strong creatures or
Donald get over so what's the silver our
students teachers and staff members want
to do the right thing but what you must
be told explicitly how to do that when
you train your hot about hate speech
about what it is and what the
consequences for it off I guess Carol
allows you to need to look closely at
resort the complaint and safety
processes need to comply with 85 37 for
so long we didn't after we are done
getting over let's do
I